Adding note with examples (#104498)
Azure/azure-content: articles/batch/virtual-file-mount.md

    }
}
```
> [!NOTE]

> > Looking for examples of alternate scripts no #C-based? check here in [Mount Azure File to Azure Batch Pool](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-paas-blog/mount-azure-file-share-to-azure-batch-pool-via-azure-powershell/ba-p/2243992)

Reviewer: A few edits... How about this?
Looking for an example using PowerShell rather than C#?   You can find another great example here [...

> > Looking for examples of alternate scripts no #C-based? check here in [Mount Azure File to Azure Batch Pool](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-paas-blog/mount-azure-file-share-to-azure-batch-pool-via-azure-powershell/ba-p/2243992)

Reviewer: The bigger question is what are our guidelines about linking from docs to blogs?  
It's a really useful blog.   But does linking to it imply that the Blog is now official documentation?    If so, then I don't think we should link it...

> > Looking for examples of alternate scripts no #C-based? check here in [Mount Azure File to Azure Batch Pool](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-paas-blog/mount-azure-file-share-to-azure-batch-pool-via-azure-powershell/ba-p/2243992)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Looking for an example using PowerShell rather than C#? You can find another great example here: [Mount Azure File to Azure Batch Pool](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-paas-blog/mount-azure-file-share-to-azure-batch-pool-via-azure-powershell/ba-p/2243992).
```
